the next presidential election is 700
days away from today and everyone is
trying to figure out who the Democrats
will run well according to a new Harvard
Harris poll the top choices right now
are Bernie Sanders Joe Biden and Beto o
Rourke two old men and a baby
Biden Bernie and Beto are the
frontrunners in that order
Biden Bernie Abed Oh sounds like the law
firm that would represent Kermit the
Frog and his divorce from Miss Piggy but
Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders have huge
support from one of the left key
demographics which is old men who fall
asleep in movie theaters and yesterday
Joe Biden said yesterday he considers
himself the most qualified person in the
country to be president which it's cute
that he thinks that matters to us but
there's a lot to take in here and a lot
at stake so from or at this we're gonna
check in with political analysts and
blogger Mort Haskell in Washington DC
just to find out what's going on and
thank you for taking the time to talk to
us today Mort my pleasure
sorry I need a second I'm just finishing
up today's blog post oh okay take your
time and finish that up yeah Wow looks
good Mimi could you put this up on an
Internet okay now let's get down to
business
all right you for you Jim well I just
wanted to get your thoughts on the
current crop of possible Democratic
candidates for president in 24 2020 oh
heck of a field Bernie but it energizes
the party when young people have fresh
ideas they buy young young people you
mean Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden
absolutely those kids are just what the
Democrats need to get the base fired up
oh maybe where the hell are you oh
that's right baby died in 92 oh sorry
about that
now Johnny we're working well it's Jimmy
and I was wondering if you have any dark
horse pics for 2020 maybe that did
Democrats haven't considered yet or we
haven't heard about well if you read my
exclusive for last month's large print
edition of landline enthusiasts uh-huh
I didn't yeah you know I suggested a
number of fine potential option oh I
read Feinstein Brimley Brimley Wilford
Brimley yes siree
the guy from the diabetes commercials is
pronounced diabetes oh and yes if
Wilford Brimley can balance our blood
sugar he can also balance the budget oh
okay well well thank you more thanks so
much we appreciate always speak for all
of us when I say we appreciate your
thoughts and your expertise in these
areas my pleasure Tommy hey can you call
my daughter and tell her I need a ride
to the doctor my damn cellular telephone
is on the fritz
oh yes I will call her and let her know
thank you very much Morgan this is Mark
Moore hello that was more
this is interesting and a shock I'm sure
did the people at chicken of the sea
according to the Department of
Agriculture consumption of canned tuna
over the last three decades is down more
than 40% fewer people are eating tuna
out of cans than ever before and the
tuna companies are blaming Millennials
for this according to their research
young people aren't eating tuna because
they don't want to go through the hassle
of opening a can t and all along I
thought it might have something to do
the fact that canned tuna is disgusting
but I think tunas lucky they were around
for as long as they were basically they
tricked us into eating cat food for a
hundred years but I did want to get to
the bottom of this so joining us now
from San Diego is the president of the
American tuna Association Gary Davis and
Gary thank you for taking time timeout
for tuna well as we say in the tuna
business yes we can I get it I get it I
do so Gary have you seen have you seen
this report that says Millennials aren't
eating canned tuna anymore yes I have
seen that it's terrible it is terrible
do you have any idea why they're not
eating tuna the way we did growing up
hell if I know
for some reason kids that they just
aren't gung-ho about buying wet fish yet
Friday and eating it out of a candidate
oh that is that's a shame but we an
American tuna association are working
hard to fix that well you are very good
what are you doing to try to fix that
we've got a whole lot of exciting new
products like maybe where is that doing
I don't think Mimi's oh you mean he's
dead Gary I don't know she's gonna oh
that's right yeah
nicely never be for God now oh here
that's what we call the I tune Oh Oh
what is that this is a smart can of tuna
fish it plays music oh wow thanks since
your calendar oh and you can send text
messages to your friends and loved ones
all while making delicious tuna salad oh
that's great this is the who Joey hello
it's Jimmy and how much how much does
that would that run yeah I believe we've
priced that at $399.99 that is it's
about I don't get profits back up that's
for sure but tell me about yeah
also we're we're launching a new dating
service called
a dating service it's called toonder oh
okay I like it how does it work well all
right let's tune the levers to the
lovers from all over the country can
mean up go out and fall in love over
nice tuna melts ah but that sound
romantic
oh it sure does has anyone signed up for
toonder yet whoa
only TVs Wilford Brimley maybe do we
have a photo of will firm they'll get
Mimi's dad Gary she died in 1992 I'm
told what that's terrible why was I in
Florida I don't know I loved that woman
I'm sorry you had to find out like this
do you have any other products that you
hope will appeal to the young people yes
we do pleased to announce the world's
first tuna flavored vape pen oh how
about that
yeah I don't know that squeezing it is
how they work but there's many ways ya
know Johnny listen to me
yeah semi it's made from 100% albacore o
night that smell it smells like the
middle school cafeteria that's great
he used to love this he died yeah I will
never forget that you can't grab me a
jar of that Miracle Whip and maybe some
of those little crackers you get at the
end while Gary I'm so sorry that you
lost Meany but thank you seeing me for
your time and give me where the hell are
you baby Gary Davis
Fred change hats we'll come back for one
more later all right congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it